1. Nowadays- in this contemporary era, in this ultra modern epoch, in present times, in this modern era

2. Important - vital, crucial, pivotal, indispensable , imperative, inevitable, prerequisite 

3. Importance - paramount significance 

4. However- on the other hand, conversely, paradoxically, in contrast, on the contrary 

5. Resultantly- Henceforth 

6. Effect - At the outset 

7. Subsequently - after something else: ,Consequently - as a result., Conspicuously - clearly visible.
   He subsequently wrote an account of his experiences.
   
8. Drastic change - paradigm shift 

9. Increasing day by day - massively, tremendously, enormously 

10. Communication / interaction / interpersonal skills 

11. Various / so many/ lot of = myriad, numerous, plethora, innumerable 

12. Children = kids, younger ones, younglings, 

13. Science and technology has grown by leaps n bounds over a past decade. 

14. The world has witnessed revolutionary inventions in terms of science and technology with ......being most prominent. 

15. Owing to the unexpected progress in science and technology.....is one of those technological innovations that are boundlessly used in day to day life. 

16. Gone are days when...

17. Since time immemorial, 

18. Act as/ helps = comprehends, generates , stimulates, renders 

19. Motivate = trigger

20. Indubitably, education is the only valuable asset human can achieve.

21. Education is the weapon to change the world. 

22. A child without education is like bird without wings. 

23. Prime responsibility 

24. .....holds wide range of constructive benefits. 

25. The child is like a empty bucket and their character is like a molten clay, one can mold these incarnations of God as they want to. 

26. Parents are the true heroes of children 

27. Parents are the corner stone that guide children to build up good behavioural pattern. 

28. Unsurpassable. 

29. Family being the biggest institution...

30. Paid Too much money - thicker remuneration 
●Staggering salary
●Whopping wages
●Heavy salary bags
● Weighty remuneration

31. Scintillating- clever , interesting 

32. Overtly - openly 

1. With their vast reach nowadays they have evolved into our daily lifestyle. 
2. Glamourized by the...
3. Today, we belong to a 24/7 society. Round-the-clock shops are part of this society. 
4. The growing needs of...
5. Shopping is seen first as a function and secondarily as something that serves emotional and social needs. As incomes have grown, choices have exploded and free time has increased, shopping has become entertainment. 
6. The things which were considered the luxuries of yesteryears have become necessities of today. 
7. Many businesses and jobs thrive on the connectivity provided by the mobile phone and internet. 
8. ...Having a mushroom growth 
9. Pile up things 
10. Shopping leads to throw-away society which is detrimental to the environment. 
11. Stiff competition 
12. Toxic effect 
13. Football hooliganism 
15. Provocative - annoying 
16. Prevent further mishaps 
17. Ugly claws of commercialism have crept into this field also. 
18. Olympics has shifted away from pure amateurism to professionalism 
19. Colossal changes..
20. ....develops at an accelerated pace.
